feat: `kargs` module (#388)
blue-build/modules: modules/kargs/README.md

> # kargs
> 
> The kargs module injects kernel arguments into the image.
> 
> Kernel arguments can be used to define how kernel will interact with the hardware or software.
> 
> Instead of modifying & rebuilding the kernel, it is much easier to just input the kernel arguments & `bootc` will do its job.
> 
> You can see how `bootc` injects kernel arguments [here](https://containers.github.io/bootc/building/kernel-arguments.html).
> 
> For this reason, it is required to have `bootc` installed & used in the image.  
> By usage, it means that instead of `rpm-ostree update`, you need to use `bootc update` for kargs to get applied on next boot.  
> 
> To see which kargs are currently applied to the system in run-time, you can issue `rpm-ostree kargs` command.

Reviewer: `docs: grammar and sentence, fix opaque here-link`

```suggestion
# `kargs`

The `kargs `module injects kernel arguments into the image. Kernel arguments can be used to define how kernel will interact with the hardware or software.

Instead of modifying & rebuilding the kernel, the module uses `/usr/lib/bootc/kargs.d/` to define the kernel arguments. See the link below for how `bootc` injects kernel arguments:  
https://containers.github.io/bootc/building/kernel-arguments.html

Because the kargs are managed by `bootc`, to use this module it is required to be have it installed and to be using it for example for updating the image. This means that instead of `rpm-ostree update`, you need to use `bootc update` for kargs to get applied on the next boot.  

To see which kargs are currently applied, you can issue `rpm-ostree kargs` command in a local terminal.
```
